shutAMP v2.1 - (d) [dUcA] 2oo2.
Shutdown agent for Winamp (General Plugin)
------------------------------------------

Info
----
shutAMP is yet-another general purpose plugin for Winamp 2.x which does full system (Windows) shutdown when Winamp reaches the end of playlist during the normal play. Shutdown doesn't commence immediately and shutAMP displays a countdown dialog with a Cancel button prior the shutdown.
Why do we need another shutdown agent for Winamp, you will ask? Because this one will really work. Shutdown sequence is based on a Microsoft documented issue on ExitWindowsEx function and has been tested on Win9x as well on Win2000 platforms. It will guaranteed shutdown your system and turn the power off (¡if you own an ATX tower!).

Enabling shutAMP is done via Winamp Preferences window, in General Purpose section. The quickest way to acomplish this is to press Ctrl+P somewhere in Winamp, and the Preferences window will be shown. Select shutAMP entry in right list box, and click Configure. In shutAMP configuration dialog you can enable it by turning on the "Enable" button. Before you can do this, you must unlock the button, by checking "Arm" checkbox. When you check it, "Enable" button will become active, and you may click it. Current status of shutAMP will be displayed as a caption on the "Enable" button (Enabled/Disabled). By pressing the "Hide" button configuration dialog will hide, maintaining options which were set.

When shutAMP is enabled, it will constantly monitor current state of Winamp, and when Winamp stops on last song in the current playlist, it will commence shutdown proccess. You will still have 3 seconds to change you mind, by clicking the "Cancel" button in the countdown dialog.

¡PLEASE NOTE!
shutAMP IS NOT A RIPPED PLUGIN. IT HAS BEEN WRITTEN FROM SCRATCH, AND DOES NOT USE ANY PIECE OF CODE FROM OTHER SIMILAR PLUGINS FOR WINAMP.

Installation
------------
Just run the shutAMP.exe to start the shutAMP setup, and follow instructions on the screen.
Setup is powered by Nullsoft MakePiMP™ Install System.

Requirements
------------
Winamp 2.xx
Visual Basic 6 Runtime

Uninstalation
-------------
You must manually delete following files from your Winamp\Plugins directory:
	gen_shutAMP.v21.dll
	shutAMP.dll
	shutAMP.txt

Known Bugs
----------
! None known :o) But there is always another bug.

License
-------
This piece of software is freeware and distributed under following license:

This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied warranty.  In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages arising from the use of this software.

Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose, including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it freely, subject to the following restrictions:

1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be appreciated but is not required.

2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be misrepresented as being the original software.

3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.

Author
------
[dUcA]
http://cuzcko.cjb.net
cuzcko@yahoo.com

Acknowledges
------------
This plugin uses Col_Rjl GenWrapper v1.0 frontend to implement VB ActiveX DLL to Winamp. GenWrapper was coded by Col_Rjl <col_rjl@hotmail.com> and is completely free.

Feel free to send comments, suggestions, etc.
